Renbran/sql ssl (#7538)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/build-a-backend/data/connect-to-existing-data-sources/connect-postgres-mysql-database/index.mdx

</li>
</ul>

<Callout info>

**Only databases with certificates from well-known certificate providers are supported.** Support for databases using custom or self-signed SSL certificates is under active development.

> Amplify's MySQL and PostgreSQL feature builds on top of [AWS Lambda](https://aws.amazon.com/lambda) with a Node.js runtime. By default, Node.js includes root certificate authority (CA) certificates from [well-known certificate providers](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/4175). Lambda Node.js runtimes up to Node.js 18 augments these certificates with Amazon-specific CA certificates, making it easier to create functions accessing other AWS services. [For example, it includes the Amazon RDS certificates necessary for validating the server identity certificate installed on your Amazon RDS database](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/UsingWithRDS.SSL.html).

Author: ```suggestion
Amplify's MySQL and PostgreSQL feature builds on top of [AWS Lambda](https://aws.amazon.com/lambda) with a Node.js runtime. By default, Node.js includes root certificate authority (CA) certificates from [well-known certificate providers](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/4175). Lambda Node.js runtimes up to Node.js 18 augments these certificates with Amazon-specific CA certificates, making it easier to create functions accessing other AWS services.
```

<Accordion eyebrow="Info" title="Connecting to a database behind the VPC">

> If your database exists within a VPC, the RDS instance must be configured to be `Publicly accessible`. This does not mean the instance needs to accessible from the Internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your RDS database exists within a VPC, it must be configured to be `Publicly accessible`. This does not mean the instance needs to accessible all IP addresses on the Internet, but this flag is required to allow your local machine to connect via an **Inbound Rule** rather than being inside your VPC or connected to the VPC via VPN.
```
